thank you go well here we are with a
legendary icon of entertainment and the
sexiest person on the Internet you guess
which is which in the meantime we have
the honor of presenting tonight's first
award best first person series honoring
where the star talks directly to the
audience the entire show this is a
format that's become so popular on the
web it gets its own category this year
here are the nominees best first-person
series the flog I just don't know what
that means the Philip DeFranco show
which by the way I'm happy Ryan Higa
[Music]
Daily Grace you saw enough tips to pick
a night before time for some tips and
tricks for the morning after dick tips
sex
and the Streamy goes to Daily Grace
[Applause]
[Music]
Larry King just kissed me on the cheek
I'm sitting three seats over from Soulja
Boy this is like my greatest fetish
realized I have to thank it goes way
back I need to thank the family in South
Orange New Jersey who and okay not
that's not you
Oh in 2007 let me house it their house
for them while their were away in India
for the month of November and take care
of their super old dog and they didn't
have cables so I started making vlogs to
keep myself busy and two days after I
stopped house-sitting for them their dog
died spy it's cool they have a lot of
weird going on that they didn't
tell me their fault
but at the same time simultaneously my
vlogging career was born here almost six
years later and this is so cool and I
have to thank my time channel for giving
me this opportunity and Molly Templeton
you've been an inspiration and a real
true friend and you're three years
younger than me and you know more than
I'll ever know in my entire life it's
fine I'm cool with it and to my family
and friends who willingly and
unwillingly are in my videos all the
time you know they say you can't teach
an old dog new tricks but you can watch
one die over the course of a month while
you selfishly edit your videos thank you
[Applause]